what's up SPD 64 fans sorry Nicole
couldn't make it today she's pursuing
treasure based on a map she found in the
back of the Constitution and today we
are going to be reviewing the sonic boom
episode eggheads oh the joy the episode
starts out with a scene that was shown
in storyboard format before the TV show
aired it starts off with Eggman making a
batch of cookies chalk full of his gooey
marshmallow filling to turn sonic evil
and work for him let's make that evil
milk and cookies added to the list of
evil snacks in the next scene Sonic
finds the cookies as doorsteps which
leads to an awkward but funny situation
awkward awkward before sonic can eat one
of the cookies he gets a call of help
from tails
who the leaves a batch of cookies
without at least taken one get your
priorities straight we're here at the
camera even come from I mean I'm sure
Sonic would have noticed hey man walking
around hooking up a camera in his home
unless Eggman comes in nine sets up the
cameras well you know he sleeps what it
happens trust me we didn't see Sonic's
friends appear one by one to take a
cookie from his doorstep but I mean
that's so cruel Eggman put his heart and
soul and jizz into making those cookies
just for Sonic it's four months late but
it's all right before I smack this bitch
please someone tell me why would Sonic
leave her present on his door said her
question is why would Sonic want to give
her again better question why does sonic
even talk to her best question who the
is Amy meanwhile tails and sonic
are trying to stop tails the machine
that has been going on a rampage also
sonic seems to be known for defeating
robots by just spinning around them once
the machine comes down they head back to
their home to find out there's only one
cookie left just as Sonic is about to
eat it tail stops him to be a good
person and save his friend from disaster
why well chunk is my favorite turns out
that the cookies have turned Sonic's
friends into evil people with lucious /
lovely / fabulous mustache shoes wait
wait wait the hell just happened -
knuckles eyes there they were black this
has been a constant in the show
animation era specifically with the eyes
such as in fortresses Kuala tude where
Tails and Knuckles eyes were black and
in Buster with sticks his eyes where
they were green for one scene the group
then can't really seem to agree on an
idea to get rid of Sonic
I'm yelling well sounds like a group
Skype call anyways since they can't
decide on what to do
Eggman goes over a few things to teach
them how to be evil
when orbot and cubot becomes sick of
thing test dummies the run decide for
help again you'd think at some point
they'd be like oh let's go now bad mix
and smash them back at the base the
students are about to take an evil exam
until sonic bursts onto the scene
pencils down egg heads the team begins
to attack sonic and it leaves them
confused which really makes no sense
when you think about it like why would
he be confused dude already knows that
they're evil not to mention the
mustaches mustaches are always a dead
giveaway of evil sonic gets trapped of
Eggman as he starts to boast about
capturing him and takes all the credit
for it which pisses off the others this
ends up starring an intense game of
laser tag Sonic saves Eggman and they
discuss what to do he eventually comes
up with a plan to use his DNA to turn
Eggman into it'll be Smurfs to distract
the others while Sonic goes around
taking DNA samples from his friends if
you know one online once he returns he
uses the DNA samples to make cookies
which will turn them back into the
normal selves but I don't understand why
no one is attacking them though they are
literally standing right there with
their backs turned so why don't the
others just attack them with the lasers
now oh what's what's that you you don't
have an answer you don't oh well then
hmm yeah okay Sonic feeds everyone their
own cookies yeah which turns everyone
back to normal we'll fight side by side
together one for all
okay funs over I gotta get back to work
evil doesn't brilliantly plan and
execute itself you know wait that's how
it ends I've seen a better ending in
Macbeth than this everyone dies in
Macbeth now time for the reviews well
with this episode it seems to have a
very weird ending kind of leaving me
confused a bit the comedy in is better
than the previous one in my opinion but
the random acts and funny quote-unquote
moments seem to be distracting from the
actual funny moments and good sequences
overall I would give it a 5 out of 10
this episode was alright it's got a few
funny moments like the I'm yelling words
part and I thought the mustaches were
cute but the follow up and the ending or
week and the dead ending felt forced and
I feel like I'm forced to give it a 6
out of 10 I give it an extra 1 because
of the cake scene alright guys that's it
for the show thanks for watching I'm
gonna give me some cookies I don't say
I'm hungry well here I just made a batch
before the show mmm mmm this is pretty
good what's it made of